File details

The series of files on PAF Mainfile are described in more detail below:

Localities file:
This file contains one record for each Locality held on PAF. The file is held in ascending sequence by Locality
Key. The Post Town ‘London’ is held as one Locality for each London postal district.

Thoroughfares file:
This file contains one record for each Thoroughfare on PAF. The file is held in ascending sequence by
Thoroughfare Key.

Thoroughfare Descriptors file:
This file contains one record for each Thoroughfare Descriptor held on PAF. The file is held in ascending
sequence by Thoroughfare Descriptor Key.

Building Names file:
This file contains one record for each Building Name held on PAF. The file is held in ascending sequence by
Building Name Key.

Sub Building Names file:
This file contains one record for each Sub Building Name held on PAF. The file is held in ascending sequence by
Sub Building Name Key.

Organisations file:
This file contains one record for each occurrence of an Organisation held on PAF. The file is held in ascending
sequence of Postcode type followed by Organisation Key. The unique key to the Organisation File is the
Organisation Key and Postcode Type fields.

Address file:
This file contains one record for each Delivery Point held on PAF. The file is held in ascending sequence by
Postcode/Address Key/Organisation Key. The unique key to the Address File is the Address Key, Organisation Key
and Postcode Type fields.

Mailsort® file (optional):
Mailsort data is used by customers who pre-sort their mail to achieve discounts via products like Royal Mail’s
Mailsort, Presstream® and Walksort®. The file contains one record for each Postcode sector. The record
contains the sector and its associated Mailsort Standard Selection Code. The file is held in ascending sequence
by Postcode Sector. This is a reference file only, i.e. no updates are provided with Changes files.

Welsh Main File:
The Welsh address file contains identical data to the Standard file for those addresses within the Welsh
Principality for which no Alternative address exists. Insert ignore is used when loading the Welsh main file.
